Handmade Carving Leaf Wooden Clock with Ayat ul Kursi
₨3,000.00Availability: In Stock
Ayat ul Kursi Clock
Finest Hand Crafted Maple Leaf Pattern clock
100 % Solid Wooden
Available in 17 inches” Size Weight 1kg
Made to order Facility
Wood original color with polish
Cash On Delivery All Over Pakistan
Great as a gift you could give your loved one
Dimension : 17 inch

Weight : 1 kg
Pakistani crafts bring a lot of wooden art that is unique in shape, sizes and material. The wood that is used in making items is 100% solid. It is an eye-catching piece of art that’s made of wood with care. This is beautiful well sized clock which is absolutely fit on wall in bed room, guest room and drying room or any place that you want to hang it.

These handmade wooden Leaf Ayatul Kursi Brown for Home Decor are of high-quality materials. These Islamic Wall Hanging are safe and durable to use. These handmade home decor accessories like Islamic Wall Hanging are different in designs and looks. Of course, it is handmade and hand-painted with very high-quality wood. Showing this your most favorite interior decor like wooden Leaf Ayatul Kursi Brown to your loved ones. You can easily place them on your tables. Buy this wood design and Send gifts to your favourite ones.

Pakistani Craft willingly engage our customers with a comprehensive and well-designed handicraft wood item. Using premium quality wooden interior Islamic wall design, we offer products of traditional Pakistani culture.

Pakistani Craft examined strictly to deliver a perfect shipment at the end of our customers. We have always wanted to make home decor online shopping in Pakistan of high quality. Traditionally designed handmade home decor accessories have amazing durability. Our collection is so beautiful and perfect as handicraft wood items. evokes a relaxed feel. A simple and neutral way to Send gifts to Pakistan from Bahrain. This interior Islamic wall design looks great on the wall.

Pakistani Craft are selling the most stunning wooden Leaf Ayatul Kursi Brown. Nothing is better than sharing the best wooden decors like this home decor online shopping in Pakistan with family. Because we crafted these items in such a way that it is the best handicraft wood items. Therefore,  interior Islamic wall designs like these Islamic Wall Hanging items as gifts to your loved ones on all occasions. The Wood Value provides these wood designs products as per the latest market trends and delivers within the scheduled time.